I went to the first sleep it seems to be everywhere today Hasa today
I think that I would like you to look at this first because the 2013 summer model came out
I will
In terms of Jean Exquisce Ace
Color is attached to the great is clean it this feature I would like to ask you whether you various
Thank you Thank you Yes I know here is what kind of feature-packed
That first feature of this time
There is a place called this unrequited color barrier and then morning a little actually on the ride
How do you'd like me
It is a strong terminal, but I bought Matsusato which was distributed or something
This Komaki easy to operate even with one hand if there is a place longer have have just Kutteyuu
In pursuit of the place
I take a corner and put out a little round
This is what a round form is called, but digging yes One hand by leaving this
Is a place of easy operation was additionally recorded in feeling to fit the tea also have
What by we thought that would like to play by all means in this smartphone
Large recently yes the other teacher It is easy to have to say from certainly
Since Te Karaii Yatoshi heart article is not a lot a little small hand this operation starve to death
I'm nervous but I do
I'd think that I wonder I wonder if you go I yes person and a good team-year-old the person you were this
I screen
We prepare for 4.6 inches in mind Hey it is something which is easy to see even if you look at any site
Become
Certainly, when I took a photo of changing clothes on the day
It is a large watch Yes Yes Yes Although I'm such a place of renewal and I would like the following features Offer
Recently I think that there are a lot of customers who are not digital cameras and come back with smart generation.
But also Well
It's nice I'll have to go around with my baby I like smartphones and patterns like that
There are customers who are often on security in the form of
The reconstruction is removed every time this pattern lock when there is a scene say want to pinch take
Even though I have a pay by saying launched
I For information on the Sony I want you to see here
Hmmm version around Packy monster this
Please see the camera complaints, but God is here and this is a child
Yes digit air Gane should be a place Tteyuu Kripa start-up in the menu of the camera
It looks like
Please turn it on in this condition
For example , it is a putter bag walking past the town already more than usual
Only to press and hold this when there was a good scene in the
Something Oh camera Ahhai
So this without shed scene that you really want to take has become the wind Tteyuu camera take
I will not slim the shutter Chanson's mother
Besides, this time as a function of the general camera ,
Since the latest technology of sony is incorporated into the sensor, it is very dark, even in backlit or dark
It is taken to clean
Masu Well then I Mochotto yes can not be very beautiful how to fly, even in the dark
lean that I Yes You know one
I think some customers will use this Sony xperia for the first time.
If you want to enjoy the photos you took and introduce one app like this
Oh 8
There is an application called album , so I'm probably doing a preset for this time
Though we introduce with photograph
For example
I took a lot of big pictures of my kids
Such slideshow Then
I'd become the Sony unique
ro malt
yeah
Fire day
It's just a runaway
If you say that it is really good at minor
Here
Sony music at listen
And Ease has riding was say that this time of the latest sensor
I think that I really want you to be right where you listen to the camera
Of the taking spite of objection Henne a that it is this photo was taken, for example, dating supply
two people were Yappa higher put on thule and love songs
Sound is quite heavy color
Cute Ru
I think so good yes
Well, what is it yesterday?
Yes everyone enjoys the video because they are larger on such a smartphone
I think I can see 1seg by
The first place of service as Fon
Yes it will be present in the tp gar Yes Shonan
In addition it is the tb and one old
It will also be Sony's latest technology, but in terms of Mobile Bravia Engine 2
It is a system that looks beautiful in nesting beautifully, and that's one Cebu thing tv mode
of
You can get it in the scene
I am up to now with tv
Cat In this article, I was pointing at that tablet terminal Heart, but this
It will be their first mounted in the smart source
Only do the only terminal whether or not I think I can enjoy equipped with all the features of the idea
There is no end that has entered the place where I add the fashionableness to pursue beauty without
Wonder
There is none
Unreasonable this is my natural time
You're a member of the store and it's a cute immediate processing store
It is Mukai really good if the food is a sleepy bird and the color is beautifully applied to the edge of the cat
The beautiful place is also one feature
Iida it is not it is what is my work Maeda
Everyone is also kind to twitter women
How is the number of xperia a that can be operated with one hand